_portfolio/2024-04-01-higerOrderWTP-1.md, before:

---
title: "Do Others Learn like Me? Higher Order Willingness to Pay for Information"
excerpt: "Non-Bayesian agents and their willingness to pay for information under different contexts."
collection: portfolio
---

This research explores experimentally whether information acquisition depends
on whose strategy is implemented in a Bayesian learning task. In the first
section of the experiment, I measured the deviation from Bayes’ rule for each
participant and their expected posterior from other participants. In the second
section, I elicit the willingness to pay to get a new signal and implement a rule
based on their posterior beliefs. On average, participants expect others to have
the same posterior beliefs. Finally, it is shown that participants exhibit a larger
willingness to pay for a signal realization when they implement their strategy
rather than the strategy of another participant. These results contribute to the
literature on preferences for decision rights and delegation, as well as strategic
uncertainty.


<embed src="https://dariotrujanoochoa.github.io/files/Higher_Order_Willingness_to_Pay.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="100%" />

Commit message:

Update the higher order WTP paper

_portfolio/2024-04-01-higerOrderWTP-1.md, after:

---
title: "Do we know the value of information? Heterogeneous effects in demand for information"
excerpt: "Non-Bayesian agents and their willingness to pay for information under different contexts."
collection: portfolio
---

This research explores experimentally whether information acquisition depends on the biases in learning and whose strategy is implemented in a Bayesian learning task. 
    In the first section of the experiment, participants report their expected posterior for them and another participants. I measured the deviation from Bayes' rule for each participant.
    In the second section, I elicit the willingness to pay to observe signal and implement a rule based on their posterior beliefs.
    On average, participants expect others to have the same posterior beliefs. However, participants exhibit a larger willingness to pay for a signal realization when they implement their strategy rather than the strategy of another participant. 
    Finally, participants value information less when they are more conservative in their posterior relative to Bayes rule.


<embed src="https://dariotrujanoochoa.github.io/files/Trujano-Ochoa_HigherOrderWTP.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="100%" />
